1. when selecting note button, there is a yellow border to note box, make it blue
3. in today tab, replace the trash icon exercise bar,  with "..." vertical icon fix position. when selected, there are 2 options: replace, delete.
7. when expending an exercise, when taping the number of set, there should be 4 options. "W" - Warm up set., "D" - Drop set, trash can - remove set, cancel. add capture. how it should be seen: for example if selecting set 3 to be W or D, it should be seen as 3W or 3D
8. when selecting "W" it should activate the "ign" function. 
8. remove the X from set.
9. replace the trash can icon, without the internal 2 lines. give refernec for a good one: "..." on workout name.
13.bug: tapping "wirkouts" tab-> "create new workout" -> giving a name-> next: in this secnario workout name does not appear at top.
14.save should appear in shade mode. in addition, cancel should be on its left.
15 Bug: today tab-> create new-> workout name-> next: there is a missig cancel left to save button
16.tapping Workout tab -> editing a workout. in this scenare when expending an exercise, hide the "cancel/save" line
17.bug: see test workout. all related to chest
18.In start workout window, add below the "install app" location another button of "Share App". when selecting, a pop up window with generated QR code base on current URL code at the top center of this window, app logo should apear.
21. In exercises, when expending an exerciese. remove the "Delete/rename/close"
22. repossition the "history" below the select day bar
23. when expending an exercise, hide the top bar including the hint button. remian only the time duration of workout without the button of "finish workout". if time duration has not started, show it in grey.
24. when expending an exercise, the "VOL" chart shold have the same style as 1RM
25. change descriptuim of 1RM: estimate your max weight you could lift for 1 rep.
26. when addding a new workout for exercise, remain the buttons "My zone" and "explore".
27. in exercise tab, when selectign pro, dont scroll up. bug.
28. in exercise tan, remove the "list by user" and "by brand" text.
27. move the buttons of "todat" "workouts" "exercises" "pro" to bottom screen.
28. bug, in PRO -> My progress -> history the filters of PR and body parts are not functioning. see reference from "PRO"-> "history" button.
29. also the description should remove the Data/range/VOL
30. in history, remove the chevrom icon, replace with "..." vertical.
31 fix the description inside personal records for 1RM. also in exercises progress.

